Add `Makeship x osu!: Limited Edition Plushies 2.0` news post (#12499)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-11-28-makeship-x-osu-plushies-second-run.md

---
layout: post

> title: "Makeship x osu!: Limited Edition Plushies 2.0"

Reviewer: thoughts on using a more varied title because the relevant info is already in the banner

```suggestion
title: "Another Batch of osu! Plushies"
```

Author: good idea

date: 2024-11-28 22:15:00 +0000
---

Your favourite osu! plushies just came back for one last dance! Come get yours through the crowdfunding campaigns before they're gone for good!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-28-makeship-x-osu-plushies-second-run/banner.jpg)

You asked, we delivered. Thanks to [Makeship](https://www.makeship.com/), we're bringing back the fan-beloved osu! cookie and pippi plushies one more time!

> Unfortunately, Taikonator couldn't join us this time around. Rumors say he's been stuck retry-spamming osu!taiko beatmaps to get as much score as humanly possible, and it turns out he forgot to disable [NoFail](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail) all this time. May he rest in peace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, Taikonator couldn't join us this time around. Rumors say he's been stuck retry-spamming osu!taiko beatmaps to get as much score as humanly possible, and it turns out he forgot to disable [No Fail](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail) all this time. May he rest in peace.
```

Reviewer 2: https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Writing#game-modifiers

> Unfortunately, Taikonator couldn't join us this time around. Rumors say he's been stuck retry-spamming osu!taiko beatmaps to get as much score as humanly possible, and it turns out he forgot to disable [NoFail](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail) all this time. May he rest in peace.

Reviewer: sounds like taikonator dies or smth

```suggestion
Unfortunately, Taikonator couldn't join us this time around. Rumours say he's been stuck retry-spamming osu!taiko beatmaps to get as much score as humanly possible, and it turns out he forgot to disable [No Fail](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail) all this time.
```

Author: its kinda intentional for extra comedic effect

Unsure if you should get one? Check out the plushies in all their glory, featuring some eye candy from our community members [posting their own plushies](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1731984?n=1) from the first run:

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-28-makeship-x-osu-plushies-second-run/the-og.jpg)](https://www.makeship.com/search?q=ppy)

Look at how adorable pippi looks while accompanying The Dean "[peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2)" Herbert on a desk that has witnessed more osu!(lazer) code than one could fathom, next to a very pink cookie! You can't resist having these on your desk too, can you?

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-28-makeship-x-osu-plushies-second-run/deimos.jpg)](https://www.makeship.com/search?q=ppy)

> While staying on the desk trend, [Deimos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1515403) brought us one singular pippi – equipped with an appropriately-sized cookie – getting ready to code for us the next super duper secret osu!(lazer) 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While staying on the desk trend, [Deimos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1515403) brought us one singular pippi — equipped with an appropriately sized cookie — getting ready to code for us the next super duper secret osu!(lazer) 2.0.
```

P.S. Do NOT tell peppy we leaked this.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-28-makeship-x-osu-plushies-second-run/jun-maeda.jpg)](https://www.makeship.com/search?q=ppy)

pippi! And puppies! You almost can't tell the difference from how cute they look. [Jun Maeda](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8777786) and his doggos will very much make for a wonderful home for our dear pippi.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-28-makeship-x-osu-plushies-second-run/waltertoro.jpg)](https://www.makeship.com/search?q=ppy)

> We're certain we're not the only ones mesmerized by the neon lights that pippi is basking in. [WalterToro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5281416) and his pippi plush are certainly a duo that's ready to take on the world, or at least the next osu!mania tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're certain we're not the only ones mesmerised by the neon lights that pippi is basking in. [WalterToro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5281416) and his pippi plush are certainly a duo that's ready to take on the world, or at least the next osu!mania tournament.
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-28-makeship-x-osu-plushies-second-run/chompy.jpg)](https://www.makeship.com/search?q=ppy)

> [Chompy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7427035) took us all to a cute Jurassic era with his dino plushs! The cookie surely looks quite cozy in there, doesn't it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Chompy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7427035) took us all to a cute Jurassic era with his dino plushies! The cookie surely looks quite cozy in there, doesn't it?
```

Author: i thought plushs would add some variety in here

Reviewer: i'm not sure if french grammar is appropriate. it just looks like an unintentional typo

Reviewer: maybe this?

```suggestion
[Chompy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7427035) took us all to a cute Jurassic era with his plush dinos! The cookie surely looks quite cozy in there, doesn't it?
```

Author: hm sure

<div align="center">
    <video height="50%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/2024-11-28-plushie-attack.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

## How does this all work?

It's real simple, and Makeship also [describes the process on their site](https://www.makeship.com/how-it-works):

- If you want any (or both) of the plushies above, pledge for them on Makeship by **clicking any of the pictures above**.
- There's also a 10% discount if you order both at the same time!
- Guaranteed campaigns keep taking new orders until they close, so everyone who orders one will get one.

> Basically, buy the plushies and if enough people want one, they get made. Easy as that!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basically, buy the plushies and, if enough people want one, they get made. Easy as that!
```
